THIS IS AN AUTOGENERATED FILE. EDIT INDEX.JS INSTEAD.

# Input
__An input control with placeholder emulation for non-supporting platforms.__

Input abstracts away the cross-platform differences of placeholder styling and behaviors, for example: Internet Explorer dismisses native placeholders on input focus and other platforms do not. This component ensures that text input controls will feel and behave similarly on more devices.

## Component Instance Methods

When using `Input` in your project, you may call the following methods on a rendered instance of the component. Use [`refs`](https://facebook.github.io/react/docs/refs-and-the-dom.html) to get the instance.

- __getValue()__
  returns the current value of the input field

- __setValue(string)__
  programmatically set the input value; useful for clearing out the input in "uncontrolled" mode -- note that digging into the internals and setting the `refs.field.value = ''` directly will not trigger events and messes up the internal state of the component

## Props

_Note: only top-level props are in the README, for the full list check out the [website](http://boundless.js.org/Input#props)._

### Required Props

There are no required props.


### Optional Props

<table>
    <tr>
        <th>Name</th>
        <th>Type</th>
        <th>Default Value</th>
        <th>Description</th>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
        <td>hidePlaceholderOnFocus</td>
        <td><pre><code>bool</code></pre></td>
        <td><pre><code class="language-js">true</code></pre></td>
        <td>triggers the placeholder to disappear when the input field is focused, reappears when the user has tabbed away or focus is moved</td>
    </tr>
    
    <tr>
        <td>inputProps</td>
        <td><pre><code>object</code></pre></td>
        <td><pre><code class="language-js">{
    type: 'text',
}</code></pre></td>
        <td>props to be passed through to the input node, `.b-textual-input`; this includes the standard set of React input props like `defaultValue`, `value`, `name`, `placeholder`, `autoFocus`, etc.</td>
    </tr>
    
</table>

